The secrets of our ninja arts
must never leave this clan.
Under no circumstances
will they be shared with outsiders.
Bear in mind: your mission is your life.
We dedicate everything to maintain peace
in the land of the rising sun.
A terrorist attack on this scale
is unprecedented.
It has rocked the very foundations
of the world and...
Starting today,
our organization shall leave
the jurisdiction of Japan
and fall under the command
of a greater power.
Therefore, the secrets of our ninja arts
may now be shared with foreigners.
Make no mistake.
This, too, we do for Japan's future.
Any who disobey this decision,
or defect because of it,
shall be branded "exiles" and disposed of.
Higan...
Daddy!
Aw, jeez.
This is quite a mess
you've gotten yourself into, Higan.
Why are... you here?
Well, these guys just
wouldn't keep it down.
I honestly didn't think
we'd ever meet again...
until the afterlife.
It's a shame about Mari.
Why don't you have your disguise on?
Because the organization somehow
found a way to see through
the masking system we've been using.
Impossible.
Please remove it. It's useless now.
I swear, you're always beat to hell
whenever I see you.
Obviously.
You're a doctor, aren't you?
You used the
Secret Art of Stark Awareness, eh?
Never do it again.
It will kill you next time.
Wait, this doesn't make any sense!
Forget the next time...
you should have been
dead from this wound already!
Yeah...
I don't understand
why I was the one who lived.
It could have been dumb luck.
Or perhaps someone is keeping you alive.
Let's get started.
It will take five or six days before even
someone like you can make a full recovery.
I just need to be able to move,
then I get answers from our guest.
What comes after that?
I'll go invade their base.
By yourself?
Why, are you volunteering to help?
This shouldn't hurt.
After it goes in, of course.
You friggin' bastard!
Do your worst.
No ninja would ever crack from this.
I know.
What are trying to accomplish?
Just kill me already!
Oh! I just remembered.
Your woman...
You should have seen the look she made,
it was the best!
The kid's reaction was just typical fear,
but that woman...
her eyes glared with anger
and hatred until the end!
And you know,
the more that I stabbed her the more she-
Listen here.
Burn those eyes into your memory forever.
I'm about to drop
you into the pits of Hell.
Pay close attention to the sounds
of skin peeling off,
bones shattering,
and spines ripped out whole.
Because there will be
no sweet release of death,
in spite of you getting eviscerated
and your heart stopping.
Even in oblivion, you'll tremble in fear
of the Oni that lie beyond!
Oh, come on!
Why the hell can't I
investigate this case?!
You know we can't just pretend
that nothing happened!
Emma!
We've been over this already.
Look, there's nothing we can do since
we don't know who the blood belongs to,
nor do we have any
of the surveillance footage.
That's just the reality of it.
In any case,
it's a direct order from the top.
Don't get involved
in this case any further.
I don't remember you being
such a goddamn coward!
Mike...
I'd hate to see you get fired
right as you're about to retire.
Just sit tight and pick up another case.
What about Emma?!
She's a witness!
She saw Joe Logan
fighting against a huge group of guys!
Are you sure?
I suggest that you try asking her again.
Huh?!
EMMA!
Seriously? What the hell?!
Don't just roll over like a dog, dammit!
Oh please, there's no point
in throwing a tantrum.
The smarter play is to
just appear obedient on the surface.
What does that mean?!
I almost laughed at how blatantly
they're trying to cover this up.
There's definitely something shady
going on with this case.
We just need to play it cool.
Unbelievable...
So about the man who disappeared
from the hospital, Joe Logan.
I did some digging into him
like you asked me to.
It goes deeper than him.
His murdered wife Sarah Logan and
even their son Kyle Logan are all aliases.
None of them actually exist.
Huh?
It turns out they're the same
as all the previous victims.
So your intuition was right on the money.
Shit...
What the hell is going on here?!
It's finally ready!
This will help protect everyone.
And you, too.
Nice ass, sexy.
Hey! Get your hands off me!
This ain't enough.
That's all I can affo-
I didn't catch that.
Does that bike out front belong to you?
Ya see, there's been a rash of motorcycle
thefts around these parts lately.
That ain't one of 'em, is it?
Hey, show me your license.
Don't try and play dumb with m-
You sonnova...!
So... hard at work having fun, I see.
Criminals are cutting their deals
in VR these days.
You read the report, didn't you?
We need to get this out of the way first.
Otherwise we won't have time
to go after Logan, you know.
I don't get the big deal about
this "virtual space" or whatever.
It's not like aliens
beamed the technology down to us.
Advancements in VR have exploded
in the past couple years.
And it's all thanks to AUZA.
Right, AUZA...
Mike Morris here.
This is Joe Logan.
The man named Joe Logan doesn't exist.
So, who are you really?
I also have questions for you.
Let's talk.
The hell do you mean?
We're talking right now aren't we?
He hung up!
That you, Logan?!
No more funny business.
This is your last chance.
Looks like somebody can't take a joke.
Whoa, whoa, stay on the line!
I'm sorry, don't hang up!
So, what do you want from me?
Give me a location.
You're gonna let me decide?
All right, then.
Let's meet up at this Chinese restaurant
in St. Marks called Long Hao Bao.
I can be there by tomorrow night.
"From the cradle to the grave."
Those words were once used to
describe the social security system
of a certain country.
However, there is something
more deserving of that phrase now.
And that is us here at AUZA!
From the cradle to the grave,
AUZA technology works to support you,
your family, and even your friends,
in every aspect of life
that you can imagine.
This place is the perfect meetup spot
since there are never
any customers around.
Oh, shut the hell up, jackass!
Off with you, pal.
Hey, this is my store!
You don't get to order me around!
All right, fine.
I keep telling you not to do this
during the dinner rush!
Uh-huh, "rush"...
If one of the delivery guys shows up,
just tell 'em to check that table
and make sure they get the right order!
Hold up, you're not using drones yet?
You know this ain't AUZA City.
Remember.
You gotta pay for anything
that gets busted.
I'll be back in 30 minutes.
Pain in the ass...
I was starting to think that maybe
you fell over and died somewhere.
Let me see your face.
I wanna make sure you're the real deal.
That's not gonna cut it.
Hold on!
I was half-expecting you
to not even show up.
Didn't you think of the risk
of getting caught?
I didn't come here for small talk.
What do you wanna know?
About whoever is responsible
for the serial murders.
You got any leads?
What?
Any small detail is fine.
And you're gonna return the favor
by answering my questions?
Yes.
Then let me ask you,
do I look like the type to cut
a deal with a potential suspect?!
Or that I'd let them go freely?!
Well, too bad!
Get down on your knees and put your hands
behind your head.
Then start talking!
What happened at the hospital?!
AUZA Eats here!
Order for gyoza,
chili fried shrimp, mapo tofu...
Yep, looks like it's all here.
Why didn't you try to make a break for it?
Because we're not done talking.
Trust me, you and I are gonna have a
nice long talk back at the stati-
AUZA Eats here.
Fried rice, egg roll, twice cooked pork.
Got it, thanks!
Don't try anything funny!
Get up!
I'm arresting you right here and now.
Order's on the table! Just find it and go!
Huh?
Who is that?!
Freeze! Don't move!
Same to you!
I gotta know...
who the hell are you?!
Peking Duck.
Where's the guy from the hospital?!
Answer me!
I am... a ninja.
What?!
Same with these guys and
the ones who attacked me at the hospital.
Ninjas?!
I've heard talk on the street, but...
No way.
So that means all of the
serial murders are actually...
Drive!
Hey! Where are you?!
Dammit!
Unbelievable...
These guys slashed right through
my ceramic plating
without any damage to their weapons!
Who on Earth made these blades?!
Because it sure as hell wasn't aliens!
...here at AUZA!
From the cradle to the grave,
AUZA technology works to support you,
your family, and even your friends,
in every aspect of life
that you can imagine.
Yes, Zai?
I'm afraid that he is still alive.
Higan...